Update the guidance on change history (#1531)
open-contracting/standard: docs/guidance/build/incremental_updates.md

> ```{workedexample} Incremental updates

Reviewer: This page isn't really about incremental updates. It's about the whole releases and records model. In fact, the examples actually show full updates.

Author: >  In fact, the examples actually show full updates.

Hmm, well, the contract and implementation releases don't include the info about the past stages. I guess we can change the award release to remove the tender section from there and we should be fine?

Reviewer: Resolving as the page has been renamed.

:tags: release,record
```

# Incremental updates

> The following example shows how to publish data about a contracting process. Publish a release for each event in the process and update the record each time you publish a release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows how to publish data using the releases and records model: publish a release for each event in the process and update the record each time you publish a release.
```
